[Button] Add textAlign Property (#1576)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

### Enhancements

> - Added new Alignment property to button which modifies the inner text-align of the button. Useful for plain buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new Alignment property to button which modifies its inner text alignment. Useful for plain buttons.
```

### Enhancements

- Made the `action` prop optional on `EmptyState` ([#1583](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1583))

> - Added textAlign property to Button which modifies its inner text alignment. ([#1576](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1576))

Reviewer 2: Added `textAlign` prop to Button ([#1576](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1576))

That would be enough.

> - Added textAlign property to Button which modifies its inner text alignment. ([#1576](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1576))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added `textAlign` prop to Button ([#1576](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/1576))
```

Author: 👍

> This prop changes the inner text-align of the button.

Reviewer 2: 🔥

> This prop changes the inner text-align of the button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: oops this was an accidental paste 😅
